readme.md, before:

# 🏠 Kendall Houses LLC

## CGS1540C: Assignment # 13

Welcome to the **SQL Scripts Repository**! This repository contains a collection of SQL files designed to create, modify, and manage database schemas, as well as execute queries and scripts for various database operations.

### Repository Structure

The repository is organized as follows:

### Usage

1. **Clone the Repository**:

```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/sql-scripts.git
   cd sql-scripts
```

Choose the Script: Navigate to the relevant directory and select the SQL script you need.

Execute the Script: Use your preferred database client or command-line tool to run the script. For example:

```bash
mysql -u username -p database_name < path/to/script.sql
```

### Prerequisites

A supported SQL database (e.g., MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQL Server, etc.)
Proper access and credentials for the target database.
Basic understanding of SQL and your database environment.

### Contributions

Contributions are welcome! If you have useful scripts or enhancements, feel free to:

Fork the repository.
Create a branch for your feature/bugfix.
Submit a pull request with detailed descriptions.

### License

This repository is licensed under the MIT License. Feel free to use and modify the scripts for your projects.

### Disclaimer

These scripts are provided as-is. Always test them in a development or staging environment before applying them to a production database.

Commit message:

improved the readme.md file

readme.md, after:

# 🏠 Kendall Houses LLC

## CGS1540C: Assignment # 13

Welcome to the **Kendal Houses LLC DB Schema Creation Script Repository**! This repository contains a collection of SQL files designed to create all the necessary tables, as part of the assignment #13 of the CGS1540C subject at Miami Dade College.

### Usage

1. **Clone the Repository**:

```bash
   git clone https://github.com/reymillenium/CGS1540C_20241115_assignment13_kendall_homes.git
   cd CGS1540C_20241115_assignment13_kendall_homes
```

Or you can simply download the repo as a .zip file

Choose the Script: Navigate to the relevant directory and select the SQL script you need. in this case is the file CGS1540C_20241115_assignment13_kendall_homes.sql

Execute the Script: Use your preferred database client or command-line tool to run the script. For example:

```bash
mysql -u username -p database_name < path/to/CGS1540C_20241115_assignment13_kendall_homes.sql
```

Or you can simply open the .sql file on your DataGrip app (preferred) or in its absence in MySQL Workbench. Then execute the file over a previously created MySQL Schema.
### Prerequisites

- A supported SQL database (e.g., MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQL Server, etc.)
- Proper access and credentials for the target database.
- Basic understanding of SQL and your database environment.

### License

This repository is licensed under the MIT License. Feel free to use and modify the scripts for your projects.

### Disclaimer

These scripts are provided as-is. Always test them in a development or staging environment before applying them to a production database.

### Author

**Reinier Garcia**

* [Github](https://github.com/reymillenium)
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ReinierGarciaR)
* [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/reiniergarcia/)
* [Website](https://www.reiniergarcia.dev/)
* [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/users/9616949/reinier-garcia)

### License

Copyright © 2024, [Reinier Garcia](https://github.com/reymillenium).
